Is Wan in there?
Jin Shiyu, you shameless woman
How dare you seduce my fiancé
Who are you doing?
Brother Chuan, today is our engagement party
Don't get me wrong with my sister
We have nothing.
Really? Of course
How could I lie to you? Who is my boss?
I don't lack you
How could I possibly do anything to hurt you?
Sister, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to, I was just so angry. I thought you were jealous of me so I came to seduce you to sing.
Qin Xiaoxuan, do you think everyone likes to seduce other people's boyfriends as much as you do?
I don't have a sister, how can you slander me like this?
Wow, you know, do you think that by owning me like this, you can let your brother see more and you are responsible?
You know what the announcement is
Brother Chen, you must believe me
I would never do anything to betray you
You really can't remember anything from our childhood